Change colour theme to white, blue and dark grey like cavs kit in insta saved post

Add a text box above the ingedients combo box, this will also have a button next to it saying search...
if the search button is clicked it will find the ingredient from the list of ingedients from the notepad list...
if it finds it, it will change the combo box to have that item selected, if it cant find it it will pop up...
saying "ingredient can not be found try find another igredient from the list or type it in the text box below...
<-- Future update -- In the pop up give a suggestion of similar ingredients -->

if the user has went back the page they go back to will display the infomation so they will not have to write it again...
for example the meal name will not have to be entered as it will already be there from what was entered last time (user...
is still able to change it tho)

when user clicks next on method and ingredients page make they confirm the current list/ method before continuing 

add it so that the user can choose to edit, delete and insert another step after a step number on the method 

LEFT TO DO:
complete create your method page:
When form loads the text box will be hidden as well as the "add sub step" button and the lables...
"adding step" and the "1"
user will first have to click "add main step" button which will display the text box and the lables...
"adding step" and the "1"
they will then enter the first main step then click the button called "completed method step"
once "completed method step" is clicked it will hide the text box again and show the "add sub step"
the user can now choose to add step 2 (by clicking add main step) or add step 1.1 (by clicking...
add sub step)
Once user click this it will dispaly the text box, the user will enter the info and click completed...
method step like last time.
if the user clicked "add sub step" before the text box was shown the step that was just submitted by clicking...
the "compelted method step" will go down as 1.1 however if the user clicked "add main step"...
it will go down as 2.
this will repeat untill next button is clicked.


if the user clicks one of the add step buttons and then types something but then clicks the other add step button
it will keep the text in the text box however the "adding step: 1" lable will change/ update  